WHAT IS SEO?
SEO meaning is Search engine optimization (SEO).It is a set of rules for improve the appearance and positioning of 
web pages in organic search results.(example) considar 100 meter race. who will come the first place in the race.
That winner is comes first with the help of practice(helping tool is SEO)

WHY SEO NEED?
SEO is crucial because it makes your website more visible, 
and that means more traffic and more opportunities to convert prospects into customers.

WHAT IS MAIN CONCEPT IN SEO OR PILLER OF SEO?
There are 3 main concept in seo.list given below
1.onpage seo
2.ofpage seo
3.technical seo


1.WHAT IS ONPAGE SEO?
On-page SEO (also called on-site SEO) is the process of optimizing your webpage content for search engines and users.

cheklist for onpage seo optimization.

1. Title Tags
2. Description Tags
3. Headings Tags
4. Language Tags
5. Hreflang Tags
6. Open Graph Meta Tags
7. Twitter Card Meta Tags
8. Canonical Tags Optimization
9. Robots Tags Optimization
10.Image Optimization
11.Voice Search Optimization
12.Keyword Cannibalization
13.Video Optimization
14.Internal Links Optimization
15.SEO-Friendly URL Structure Optimization
16.Schema Markup Optimization
17.External Or Outbound Links Optimization


2.WHAT IS OFFPAGE SEO?
Off-page SEO" (also called "off-site SEO") refers to actions taken outside of your own website to 
impact your rankings within search engine results pages (SERPs) 
and to influence how people discover and engage with your content.

checklist for offpage seo optimization.

Blog Submission
Article Submission
Social Bookmark submisson
Guest Posting
Comment Posting
PPT Submission
Video Submission
Info-Graphic Submission
Image Submission
Forum Submission
RSS Feed Submission
Press Release Submission
Newsletters
Google My Business
Directory Submission


3.WHAT IS TECHNICAL SEO?
Technical SEO is the process of optimizing a website for search engines, 
but it can also include activities meant to improve user experience.

checklist for technical seo optimization.

Google Search Console Setup
Google Analytics Setup
Bing Webmaster Tools Setup
What is .htaccess File
Secure Website Using SSL
Permanent Redirects(301)
Temporary Redirects(302)
Robots.txt file setup
Custom 404 Redirections
XML Sitemap Submission
Remove Outdated Content in SERP
Request New Page For Index
Find and Fix Broken Links
Find and Fix Duplicate Content
Minify Techniques
Page Speed Test
Mobile-Friendly Test



